From: walter chemid <walchem2@edumail.co.za>
Date: January 31, 2006 5:01:48 PM EST
To: undisclosed-recipients: ;
Subject: From Mr.Walter Schemid.

 From Mr.Walter Schemid.
Abidjan,Cote d'ivoire,
West Africa.
Email:(walchem4@yahoo.fr)

Before I introduce myself, I wish to inform you that this
letter is not a hoax mail and I urge you to treat it
serious. This letter must come to you as a big surprise,
but I believe it is only a day that people meet and become
great friends and business partners. My name is Mr.Walter
Schemid, the present branch accountant of a bank here in
Abidjan Cote d'ivoire.  I write you this proposal in good
faith, believing that I can trust you with the information
I am about to reveal to you. Like I said, I have a
transaction that will benefit both of us, as your
assistance is required as a foreigner.

I use to head the Accounts department in my bank head
office, but last December I was asked to take position of
account Manager of our branch in Abidjan  who passed on, so
that was how I became the present account manager and
discovered a fortune.  As I resumed duty, I discovered an
account with total sum of $18,500,000 million that has not
been operated on for the past 4 years.  From my
investigation, I found out that this account belongs to one
Late Mr. Morris Thompson an American great industrialist
and a resident of Alaska, who unfortunately lost his life
in the plane crash of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 which
crashed on January 31 2000, including his wife and only
daughter.  You shall read more news about the crash on
visiting this site which I got during my investigation;
http://www.cnn.com/2000/US/02/01/alaska.airlines.list/
The account is escrow call account, a secret type of
account in my bank and no other person knows about this
account or any thing concerning it, the account has no
other beneficiary.  I have kept a close monitoring of the
account since then and nobody has come forward to ask about
the money as next of kin to the late Mr. Morris Thompson,
meaning that no one is aware of the account.  I cannot
directly take out this money without the help of a
foreigner and that is why I am contacting you for an
assistance to claim the funds and share it with me.  As the
Manager of my bank branch, I have the power to influence
the release of the funds to any foreigner that comes up as
the next of kin to the account, with the correct
information concerning the account, which I shall give you.

I am seeking your co-operation to present you as the next
of kin to the account, so that my bank head quarters will
release the funds to yous.  There is practically no risk
involved, the transaction will be executed under a
legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any
breach of law.

If you accept to work with me, I want you to state how you
wish us to share the funds in percentage, so that both
parties will be  satisfied.

Contact me as soon as you receive this message if you feel
we can work together, so we can go over the details.
  Thanking you in advance and may God bless you. Please,
treat with utmost confidentiality.  I wait your urgent
response. You can as well contact through this my private
email at(walchem4@yahoo.fr)
Regards,

Mr.Walter Schemid.